Added a link and removed a stale one (#19317)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/community/issues/index.md

- Use [GitHub discussion](https://github.com/mdn/mdn-community/discussions) before filing an issue. This helps to keep issues focused and productive.
- Ask questions using other mechanisms like [chat rooms](https://chat.mozilla.org/#/room/#mdn:mozilla.org) or [forums](<(https://discourse.mozilla.org/c/mdn/236)>) if you are not sure whether something is useful or have a simple question.

> - Read the [contributor documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Contributing) and first to try to solve the issue yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Read our [contribution guidelines](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Community) and [writing guidelines](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines) first to try to solve the issue yourself.
```
